it's just a quick demonstration of my
nexus 7 dual booting android and ubuntu
touch so i'm currently boost into the
stock android wrong with the custom
kernel to make it work with multi run
just hit the power button power off
so now to shut down I'll just press the
power button no need to hold the volume
button down to go into the bootloader or
anything like that
then we get the multi-role menu so I can
select between internal which is the
stock android rom or quantal
pre-installed which is 12 and say boot
and it's rebooting and loading ubuntu
go back for a minute even though he is
actually loading and now we're in been
to touch oh we were oh dear what's
happened there there we go
there we go that's loaded now so yeah
Just In The Wizard of to open to develop
a previous enough and show you here then
shut down turn it back on
we can hit the power button properly
ok
and then you switch back to internal and
boot again and then just carries on
through the boot process
and then we're back with all my stuff
still intact no need to do any backup
and restore